Bureau of Tax Enforcement
Internal Processing Service
For New Castle County
Public Judgement Records

[Name] YOUR PROPERTY WILL BE SEIZED

Final Demand for Payment for Nonpayment of Taxes to The State of Delaware

The State of Delaware has attempted to collect the overdue above debt which has not been paid. You must call [Number] by 4/29/2019

The State of Delaware will seize this property for nonpayment of taxes, penalty and interest due to the State. During this seizure it will be against the law  to enter, dismantle, take possession of or remove anything from your property. The State of Delaware will impose to garnishment on all bank accounts and income in the of [Name]

Note to avoid enforcement call [number] by 4/29/2019 or further action will be taken against you. 
----

Tax Enforcement Department
Internal Processing Service
For Sullivan County
Public Judgement Records 

	The Internal Revenue Service has attempted to obtain delinquent tax payments. You have not responded to the prior notice(s) issued to address in your name. You must respond by the due date and you must PAY IN FULL OR CALL [Number]

What Will Happen:
We are writing to inform you that if no direct action is taken by you the Internal Revenue Service may be forced to collect [amount] in overdue taxes by taking , which is called levying property and selling them. The need to levy property will not cease until action is taken to pay the debt owed, your United States passworked will be revoked along with your driver’s license.

What You Must Do:
To avoid enforced collection by levy, call [number] by 3/4/2019 or further actions will be taken in exacting the value by levying. Failure to respond to official notice is the same as non-compliance. If you have any questions regarding this letter, please do not hesitate to contact us at the telephone number listed above. 

---

Bureau of Tax Enforcement 
For Hernando County
Public Judgement Records

Distraint Warrant

	This warrant has been issued against the above named debtor(s) because of tax debt that has not been paid in full. This isn’t an arrest warrant.  This warrant serves the same function as a court judgment.  The Internal Revenue Service uses the warrant in collection action, such as garnishment of wages and bank accounts, property seizures, federal tax refund offset, and creation of a property lien. To avoid enforcement call [number] by 4/9/2019.

Note: Interest will continue to accrue until [amount] balance is paid in full by due date. 

This warrant acts as a judgment against the debtor(s) and is a lien on any property now owned or acquired in the future until the debt is paid in full. This letter is sent to [name] due to the unpaid taxes to Internal Revenue Service and levying process will begin within 15 days of it’s receival. You must respond by the due date, you must pay in full or call [number] to avoid action.

---
Notice of Warranted Lien

This notice has been issued against the above named debtors because of the tax debt that has not been paid.  This is not a warrant.  This notice serves the same function as a public notification. The Taxing Authority has placed a lien in your name and may take collection action, such as garnishment of wages, bank accounts, property seizures, federal tax refund offset, and creation of a line. To avoid enforcement call [number]

Note Interest may continue to accrue until the balance is paid in full by due date.

This notice acts as a notification against the debtors.  A lien has been filed on any property now owned or acquired in the future until the debt is paid in full.  This notice has been sent to [name] due to the taxes owened to the Authority and levying procedures may begin within 15 days of its receipt. You are to respond by due date and pay in full or call [number] to avoid action. 

---

Benefits suspension unit
Madison County
Public Judgement Records 

Notice of Intent to Levy Social Security Benefits 

Amount Due : 10000
Due by : 02/29/2020

Dear Name

This notice has been issued against the debtor name because of a lien filing duie to the tax liability that has not been paid.  This letter serves as a final judgement notice. 

The state of Montana can now take enforcement action such as seizing social security benefits and garnishing wages and bank accounts to satisfy the outstanding debt owed. IF no action is taken by [date] the State of Montana may permanently revoke benefits, spuspend  license and levy and federal tax refund gained this year. 

Your debt must be resolved in full to remove the lien.  To avoid enforcement, Call Number within 15 days of receiving this notice. Failure to respond in time will cause an additional penalty to accumulate and lead to default judgement.
